docs(cockpit): update alerts-limitations (#6018)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/cockpit/how-to/configure-alerts-for-scw-resources.mdx

- Scaleway resources you can monitor
- [Enabled](/cockpit/how-to/enable-alert-manager/) the Scaleway alert manager in the same region as the resources you want to be alerted for
- [Added](/cockpit/how-to/enable-alert-manager/#how-to-add-contacts) contacts in the Scaleway console or contact points in Grafana (with the `Scaleway Alerting` alert manager of the same region as your `Scaleway Metrics` data source), otherwise alerts will not be delivered

> - Checked the [Limits](cockpit/reference-content/cockpit-limitations/#limits-for-recording-rules-and-alerts) to ensure valid parameters in your alert condition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Checked the [dedicated documentation about limits](cockpit/reference-content/cockpit-limitations/#limits-for-recording-rules-and-alerts) to ensure your alert condition contains valid parameters
```
